welcome to the channel today I come with a
lesson is a video of clans that is going to
be very short and good is that it is a
discovery that I do well like that so in
direct desire as I will record it but
already so if you want to see if you like them
my lips and if you want to see the worst that
I have found that it is rather a mixture
but hey it 's a little bit of everything
he knows the video very easy very easy
very easy here I come with a clone I hope
that you like the lipstick that already today because
Today of course a very nice fuchsia over
limited edition that is very very difficult
of getting it from the school of the
cole one of those from rihanna that good since
you know what has had multiple of the
rival love summer to autumn
and what else is the player pong of mac
matte texture
fuchsia
it seems super flattering to me
any girl I personally am very
functions and red I find a color
super nice
I 'm going to leave it up, the problem is
which is a collection to compare and in
special my tuna how complicated it is
get hold of him
then I took the clones video
number 2
volume 2 in this clone that is one of
called bondi 410 by calvin klein
what it looks like
and the work is more more brilliant vinyl
is not it wonderful
but of course it's less matte like the one
He says
this is the motto always keep it in mind
this is a motto
the one above would be the then good
I'm going to give you a clone
what
really
I tell you what I do is very many
cars a lot of tests because of course
a video of plans is not removed without genius
of the anh of the day so to the brave
so easily then I go testing or
doing things looking at one watching the
another then I've been testing
testing and suddenly said come and
mixed this with this happening that
happens
because we take out the pressure then
I hope there is luck and that you have them
because they are very good lipsticks
famous others so there we go for
please please I hope you have it already
so important the order I have seen then
we started as a base we would have to use
the russian red that is a matte lipstick
mch
do not
is the one before rugby really this
it is matter
retro mate is much
we see it very red and it makes both
fuchsia then good I'll put it in
My little hand
here you see how good this has
lip is that although it is matte is enough
less strong than the blond room and it's so
dry that you can do barcode
of everything and is very heavy
and with wants to mix
the russian to get the tree
when you see it
this is the Miss Misses that
is that it looks like the can and the
union a lipstick that came out in collection
of marc
it was very complicated to get it and now
has already remained in fixed linear that
it's usually sold out here
you have the pink fluorescent juniors lamp and what
I'm going to apply over
so you can see
how do we have the sermon
neither more nor less I'm going to do the
It goes well and also as in the two
they are matt the result is mate
well here you have it this is the mix
this already to your liking if you want it
more fuchsia you put more candy for example
right now I put a little more
from the friend that you have a little more
reddish you put a little more
ryan mallett in fact if you want I'm going
to put the place
al ladito in chiquitines vale
Here you have it, I promise you that in
lip is the same
so
I'm in the dressing room and with the air because
if there were no times I lost lighting
so these are discoveries
we have
the south bon that is achieved with 'russian
network 'more if you have these two of the hybrid
but and you wanted them and others can
get a lot more game and I'll show you
also more things to do with several
lipsticks but well this is not the video
so you know what you want the
pleasure bond has two options to mix
'russian plus the candy or the wanted of
on clear path so these
discoveries are you watching the video
today I hope you like see you in
the next video and many thanks
for following me a little kiss and taking care of myself
very careful ciao
the signal stuff at four thirty
entertain and I tell you happy until
the video